Notes on collections (#33)
paImer/notes: generics/generics-notes.md

        countries.add("Japan");
        countries.add("Japan");
        for (String country : countries) {
            System.out.println(country);
        }
    }
}
```

Here our output should help solidify our understanding of a set.

### `Map` and `HashMap`

The `java.util.Map` interface represents a mapping between a *key* and a *value*, and `HashMap` provides the basic implementation of such a map.

```java
import java.util.HashMap;
import java.util.Map;

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        new Generics().map();
    }
}
class Generics {
    void map() {
        Map<String, Integer> countries = new HashMap<>();
        countries.put("England", 0);
        countries.put("Norway", 1);
        countries.put("Japan", 2);
        countries.put("Japan", 3);
        for (String country : countries.keySet()) {
            System.out.println(country + ", " + countries.get(country));
        }
    }
}
```

Output:

```
Norway, 1
Japan, 3
England, 0
```

From the above code, we see to pull the value associated with a key we use `map.get(key)`.
As a map can't be traversed, we need to first convert it into a set using the `keySet()` method.

> It is important to know also that maps do not allow duplicate keys.

Reviewer: Yes. Very good. It's worth noting perhaps that the way in which this is disallowed depends on the implementation of the `Map`. The behaviour you've listed below is true for `HashMap`, which is the map you'll see used 99% of the time, but there are implementations that throw exceptions if attempting to put the same key twice.

If a second value is given for an existing key, the first value will be replaced by the second.
This is demonstrated above with the `Japan` key - the output shows `Japan` to have a value of `3`.

### Custom generic types

> Suppose we want to create something that isn't already available in the Java library - how do we do it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose we want to create a generic type that isn't already available in the Java library - how do we do it?
```

Let's make a Tuple:

```java
public class Tuple<F, S> {
    private F first;
    private S second;

    public F getFirst() {
        return first;
    }

    public void setFirst(F first) {
        this.first = first;
    }

    public S getSecond() {
        return second;
    }

    public void setSecond(S second) {
        this.second = second;
    }
}
```

This is our Tuple class, with the standard getters and setters.
We haven't yet said what this tuple will hold (at the moment, we have only stated that there is something **to** hold, namely `first` and `second`), so we should go ahead and instantiate one.
In the below example, we will show off the ability for Tuple's to hold heterogeneous (multiple types of) data:

```java
void tuple() {
    Tuple<String, Integer> tuple = new Tuple<>();
    tuple.setFirst("John");
    tuple.setSecond(45);
    System.out.println(tuple);
}
```

> Currently, `tuple` has no user-designated visual representation, so attempting to print it to the screen will give `Tuple@60e53b93`.

Reviewer: I'd put this under it's own `toString()` header.

If we want our Tuple to resemble the tuples we all know and love, before we can print it to the screen there is a little work that must be done.

Adding the following method to the Tuple class will create a better visual representation of a Tuple using the values that it holds:

```java
public String toString() {
    return "(" + first + ", " + second + ")";
}
```

Running `toString()` then printing yields `(John, 45)`.

But why would we use a Tuple to store data when we could simply use a List?
While the two are often compared as they look very similar, there are some key differences.

| List  | Tuple |
|-------|-------|

> | May contain heterogeneous data | Only contains data of single type  |

Reviewer: Should these be swapped?

> | Mutable  |  Immutable |

Reviewer: Am I right in guessing you looked up the differences online? Because most tuple implementations are, as you say, immutable. However, yours is not. The tuple has `setFirst`, and `setSecond` methods, so it's very mutable.

> | Size may be changed | Fixed size  |

Reviewer: This is only true if you know which type of List we're using. It's true for `ArrayList`, but not for other types of lists. I suggest modifying this part to ask when you'd use this custom Tuple over an ArrayList instead, if you should choose to keep it.
